git安装@win	已打包的exe名为msysgit
git注册	git config --global user.name "name"|git config --global user.email "xx@xx"
pwd	显示当前目录
git init	将当前目录初始化为repos.
git add xx	将工作区working的xx添加至暂存区staged
git commit -m "comments"	将暂存区stage写入至repos.
git status	查看repos的working/staged状态
git diff xx|git diff HEAD --xx	比较xx的working/staged差异|UNIX diff命令结果语法
git log --pretty=oneline	过往HEAD历史清单
git reset --hard HEAD^|HEAD_ID	重置HEAD向上|历史HEAD_ID
git reflog	HEAD_ID历史变更记录
git checkout --xx	文件xx的重置，回退窗口内的修改
git reset HEAD xx	文件xx的HEAD重置，撤git add
git rm xx	删git库文件
ssh-keygen -t rsa -C "xx@xx"	工作目录下生成.ssh文件夹存放ssh密钥对
git remote add x1 git@github.com:user/x2	将远程x2关联至本地并取名x1
git push -u x1 master	将本地master推送至x1=远程x2|-u为首次强推？
git clone git@github.com:user/rep	克隆github上的rep到本地
git-scm.com	git official site
different temporal patterns 	时间分布模式/Spatialtemporal patterns are patterns that occur in a wide range of natural phenoma and are characterized by a spatial and a temporal patterning. 
the development of the amygdala	脑杏仁体的发展/杏仁核（英语：Amygdaloid）又名杏仁体，不是基底核的一部分，位于侧脑室下角前端的上方，海马体旁回沟的深面，与尾状核的末端相连/The amygdala; also corpus amygdaloideum; is one of two almond-shaped groups of nuclei located deep and medially within the temporal lobes of the brain in complex vertebrates, including humans.
parental mind-mindedness	将心比心（心理对心理）／三心二意／The first type of double-mindedness, that of willing for the sake of reward or out of fear of punishment, is akin to the distinction between intrinsic and extrinsic values
does prosody make the difference	音调规律会带来区别么／韵律／Prosody (linguistics), the suprasegmental characteristics of speech, like intonation, rhythm and stress／在语言学中，韵律（英语：prosody）指的是讲话的过程中的不独立的发声片段（元音、辅音）但是却是音节等较大语言单位的性质。这些韵律在语言中有控制语调、音调、强调和节奏的功能。
a developmental psychopathology perspective	发展精神病理学／Psychopathology[a] is the scientific study of mental disorders, including efforts to understand their genetic, biological, psychological, and social causes; effective classification schemes (nosology); course across all stages of development; manifestations; and treatment. The term may also refer to the manifestation of behaviors that indicate the presence of a mental disorder.／精神病理学（英语：Psychopathology）是一个专门研究精神失调、精神压力及非正常或错误习得行为的学科。本科常见于精神病学，探究精神病的患病成因；至于在非医学的心理学方面，通常都把相关范畴划为变态心理学。
precursors, predictors and patterns 	前身、预测因子和模式
significant cortisol reactivity	显著皮质醇反应／Cortisol is a steroid hormone, in the glucocorticoid class of hormones. When used as a medication, it is known as hydrocortisone.／皮质醇（英语：cortisol），又译成可的松，属于肾上腺分泌的肾上腺皮质激素之中的糖皮质激素，在应付压力中扮演重要角色，故又被称为“压力荷尔蒙”。皮质醇会提高血压、血糖水平和产生免疫抑制作用。在药理学，人工合成的皮质醇称作氢羟肾上腺皮质素（hydrocortisone），除了补充皮质醇不足外，也会用作治疗过敏症和发炎。最初被用作治疗类风湿性关节炎时，皮质醇被称作Compound E（合成物E）。
Still Face Paradigm(SFP)	“冷面”范式／
peer victimization	同伴欺侮／同伴侵害／Peer victimization is the experience among children of being a target of the aggressive behavior of other children, who are not siblings and not necessarily age-mates.／同伴侵害(peer victimization)是个体遭受同伴的身体、言语、财物以及人际关系方面攻击的经历。
inhibitory control	抑制控制／抑制控制（英语：Inhibitory control），是指个体抑制住自己的冲动、本能的认知过程，以便执行与自己预期目标相符的有关行为。／Inhibitory control, also known as response inhibition, is a cognitive process that permits an individual to inhibit their impulses and natural, habitual, or dominant behavioral responses to stimuli (a.k.a. prepotent responses) in order to select a more appropriate behavior that is consistent with completing their goals.
testosterone reactivity	睾酮反应／Testosterone is the primary male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid.／睾酮（又称睾固酮、睾丸素、睾丸酮或睾甾酮、睾脂酮）是一种类固醇激素，由男性的睾丸或女性的卵巢分泌，肾上腺亦分泌少量睾酮。
oral contraception	口服避孕药／Oral contraceptives, abbreviated OCPs, also known as birth control pills, are medications taken by mouth for the purpose of birth control.
limited movement repertoire	有限社会运动剧目／Repertoire of contention refers, in social movement theory, to the set of various protest-related tools and actions available to a movement or related organization in a given time frame.
International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health(ICF)	国际健康功能与身心障碍分类（英语：International Classification of Functioning, Disability, and Health，简称ICF），这项健康分类系统经过世界卫生组织九年的修订协调，终于在2001年5月22日批准了国际通用的版本。/The International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF) is a classification of the health components of functioning and disability.
ICF Children and Youth(ICF-CY)	国际健康功能与身心障碍分类：孩童与青少年版(International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health for Children and Youth，简称ICF-CY)以国际健康功能与身心障碍分类(ICF)的概念架构作为基础，采用ICF的架构与类别，但ICF-CY扩大了ICF的范围，并增加ICF中没有的附加细节，以统一与标准化的语言，记录婴幼儿、孩童与青少年在身体功能、构造与其相关环境因素的活动限制(Activity limitations)与参与局限(Participation Restrictions)。
